Update intune-notices.md (#3271)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/includes/intune-notices.md

### How does this affect you or your users?

> In Q1 2023, new enrollments (new devices that are targeted with an existing enrollment profile or devices re-enrolling) that are targeted with an existing enrollment profile with the Company Portal authentication method, will not be able to enroll.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of the first quarter of 2023, new enrollments (new devices that are targeted with an existing enrollment profile or devices re-enrolling) that are targeted with an existing enrollment profile with the Company Portal authentication method, will not be able to enroll.
```
